TELCODOCS-649 release note for GA (#56849)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-13-release-notes.adoc

[id="ocp-4-13-scalability-and-performance"]
=== Scalability and performance

[id="ocp-4-13-NUMA-scheduler-ga"]
==== NUMA-aware scheduling with the NUMA Resources Operator is generally available

> With {product-title} {product-version}, NUMA-aware scheduling with the NUMA Resources Operator is generally available. This was a Technology Preview feature in {product-title} 4.10, 4.11, and 4.12. 

Reviewer: It might be better to reorg this sentence to something like this for clarity:
```suggestion
NUMA-aware scheduling on the NUMA Resources Operator was previously introduced as a Technology Preview in {product-title} 4.10 and is now generally available in  {product-title} {product-version}. 
```

> The NUMA Resources Operator deploys a NUMA-aware secondary scheduler that makes scheduling decisions for workloads based on a complete picture of available NUMA zones in clusters. This ensures that latency-sensitive workloads are processed in a single NUMA zone for maximum efficiency and performance. 

Reviewer: The last sentence here is passive. Consider revising for active voice to follow the ISG https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=style-basics

Reviewer: Also, it isn't really clear what "This" is at the start of the second sentence.

> This update also adds the following features:

Reviewer: What about 
```suggestion
With this update you can:
```
or
```suggestion
This update adds the following features:
```
I would remove the "also" here because it is not needed.

> * Fine-tuning of API polling for NUMA resource reports

Reviewer: I think these bullets should get a period https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=punctuation-periods

* Configuration options at the node group level for the node topology exporter

> 

Author: @ffromani - are these two features introduced for versions 4.13 and later? Or are they available for earlier versions also?

Reviewer 2: These features will be backported in the 4.12 Z stream. I don't have the version handy atm.
